data/authors/default.mdx, before:

---
name:
avatar: /static/images/avatar.png
occupation: Visionary with a passion for philosophy.
company: Founder and CEO FirstEleven Inc.
email: hello@leomoko.com
googlechrome: https://firsteleven.co.za
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/iamleomoko/
github: https://github.com/iamleomoko
---

Greetings! I'm Liyolo Metsing Moko, a curious soul on an unique journey that has brought me down various roads and molded my worldview.

I stood out from the start as someone who saw the world through a different perspective. While other kids played together, I went on lonely expeditions, learning to observe and understand the world around me in my own unique way. I was raised in a large family under the guidance of my late grandmother, who instilled in me the value of individualism and self-discovery.

My interests veered from the norm as I grew older, and this is where my remarkable journey actually began. I dabbled in sports and technology. My late older brother, a computer fanatic, was the one who introduced me to the world of computing, sparking a passion in me that would shape my future activities.

As I became more immersed in the world of computers, I became fascinated by the art of spotting patterns and identifying holes in different areas of life. This interest with unearthing hidden potential inspired me to imagine a world in which innovation and technology could bridge those gaps and enrich our communal experiences. When I saw "The Social Network" in 2011, it struck a spark in me, and I felt an overpowering drive to create and construct.

My favorite subject in high school was Computer Application Technology (CAT), which only strengthened my resolve to pursue a career in technology. The next step was university, where I could hone my abilities and knowledge while prepared to start on a journey to restructure industries and integrate new solutions.

After graduation in 2016, I entered the business sector, hoping to obtain practical experience before embarking on the creation of ground-breaking products and systems. The restrictions of a 9-to-5 structure, on the other hand, felt oppressive, as if I were sacrificing my soul for a paycheck. This period of hardship led me on a journey of self-discovery, during which I studied philosophy and the complexity of human nature. In 2023 , I understood that the time had come to pursue my aspirations, and I chose to break free from corporate shackles.

Since 2011, I've been on a never-ending journey of planning, preparing, and self-studying the complex world of business. I've made numerous sacrifices and committed endless hours after my full-time responsibilities in order to achieve a smooth transition into entrepreneurship. Weekends and leisure time were a rare luxury as I threw my heart and soul into this endeavor, frequently waking up at 1:00 AM and working until 7:00 PM, methodically constructing a future that aligned with my passions.

My journey has been marked by an intense thirst for information. The books I've read and the long-form interviews I've listened to have helped me learn about the inner workings of the planet. It's a continuing adventure that alters my knowledge of how things really work in this vast web of life.

I'm quite aware of the compromises I've made as I create products and processes, including strains on relationships and personal time. With each setback, though, I am reminded of the unyielding determination that drives my mission. I am steadfast in my determination to add long-term value to industries while being true to human nature.

Join me on this transforming journey as we explore new frontiers of innovation, creativity, and the limitless potential that we all possess.

Regards, <br />
Liyolo Metsing Moko <br />
(Leo Moko)

Commit message:

Adding images to my about page

data/authors/default.mdx, after:

---
name:
avatar: /static/images/avatar.png
occupation: Visionary with a passion for philosophy.
company: Founder and CEO FirstEleven Inc.
email: hello@leomoko.com
googlechrome: https://firsteleven.co.za
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/iamleomoko/
github: https://github.com/iamleomoko
---

Greetings! I'm Liyolo Mesting Moko, commonly known as Leo Moko, an inquisitive soul embarking on an uncommon journey that has taken me down strange paths and shaped my perspective in surprising ways.

I stood out from the start as someone who saw the world through a different perspective. While other kids played together, I went on lonely expeditions, learning to observe and understand the world around me in my own unique way. I was raised in a large family under the guidance of my late grandmother, who instilled in me the value of individualism and self-discovery.

My interests veered from the norm as I grew older, and this is where my remarkable journey actually began. I dabbled in sports and technology, as well as some daring karate moves (which did not always end well). My late older brother, a computer fanatic, was the one who introduced me to the world of computing, sparking a passion in me that would shape my future activities.

As I became more immersed in the world of computers, I became fascinated by the art of spotting patterns and identifying holes in various facets of life. This interest with unearthing hidden potential inspired me to imagine a world in which innovation and technology could bridge those gaps and enrich our social experiences. When I saw "The Social Network" in 2011, it struck a spark in me, and I felt an overpowering drive to create and build.

My favorite subject in high school was Computer Application Technology (CAT), which only strengthened my resolve to pursue a career in technology. The next step was university, where I could hone my abilities and knowledge while prepared to start on a journey to restructure industries and integrate new solutions.

<div style={{ display: 'flex', justifyContent: 'space-between' }}>
  <div>
    <img
      src="/static/images/leo/programmer.jpg"
      alt="Leo as a Programmer"
      title="Leo as a Programmer"
    />
  </div>
  <div>
    <img src="/static/images/leo/business.jpg" alt="Leo as a Founder" title="Leo as a Founder" />
  </div>
</div>

After graduation, I entered the corporate industry, hoping to obtain practical experience before embarking on the creation of ground-breaking products and systems. The restrictions of a 9-to-5 structure, on the other hand, felt oppressive, as if I were sacrificing my soul for a paycheck. This period of hardship led me on a journey of self-discovery, during which I studied philosophy and the complexity of human nature. I understood that the time had come to pursue my aspirations, and In July 2023, I chose to break free from corporate constraints.

In July 2017, one year after joining the corporate world, I took a risk and resigned to pursue my entrepreneurial passion. As a result of this, [Cqudefus](https://www.cqudefus.com/), a software development company, was founded. Despite the challenges, I returned to the corporate sector in 2018 to gain further experience due to the need for a better understanding of the industry. Nonetheless, I continued in my goals, dedicating countless hours after work to honing my skill.

In 2020, I started organizing my massive vision into a coherent whole. As a result, [FirstEleven Inc](https://www.firsteleven.co.za/). was established as a holding company for a variety of products and services. This was a watershed moment in my life since it reaffirmed my commitment to have a long-term impact on industry and society as a whole.

In my personal time, I enjoy a variety of artistic endeavors. I take consolation in books, discovering new worlds through literature. I let my creative soul run wild while I paint on canvases, bringing my thoughts and emotions to life. In addition, I use a camera to freeze time and preserve memories by capturing ephemeral moments of beauty.

Fast forward to March 2023, and the time has come to present [Heavy App](https://www.heavy.com.co/), one of [FirstEleven Inc](https://www.firsteleven.co.za/app/heavy/).'s key products. This was an incredible accomplishment, the result of years of hard work, sacrifice, and unwavering dedication. Heavy App is the coming together of my dreams and my constant quest of perfection.

Join me on this life-changing journey as we explore new frontiers of invention, creativity, and our collective boundless potential.

Sincerely,<br />
Liyolo Metsing Moko <br />
(Leo Moko)
